.TH PADCMSDRAW 1 "AUG 01, 2012"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.SH NAME
padcmsdraw \- render PDF documents
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B padcmsdraw
.RI [ options ]
.RI input.pdf
.RI [ pages]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B padcmsdraw
will render a pdf document to image files.
The supported image formats are: pgm, ppm, pam and png.
Select the pages to be rendered by specifying a comma
separated list of ranges and individual page numbers (for example: 1,5,10-15).
In no pages are specified all the pages will be rendered.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-o output
The image format is deduced from the output file name.
Embed %d in the name to indicate the page number (for example: "page%d.png").
.TP
.B \-p password
Use the specified password if the file is encrypted.
.TP
.B \-r resolution
Render the page at the specified resolution.
The default resolution is 72 dpi.
.TP
.B \-w width
Render the page at the specified width (or, if the -r flag is used,
render with a maximum width).
.TP
.B \-h height
Render the page at the specified height (or, if the -r flag is used,
render with a maximum height).
.TP
.B \-f
Ignore the aspect ratio when matching specified width/heights.
.TP
.B \-R angle
Rotate clockwise by given number of degrees.
.TP
.B \-a
Save the alpha channel.
The default behavior is to render each page with a white background.
With this option, the page background is transparent.
Only supported for pam and png output formats.
.TP
.B \-g
Render in grayscale.
The default is to render a full color RGB image.
If the output format is pgm or ppm this option is ignored.
.TP
.B \-m
Show timing information.
Take the time it takes for each page to render and print
a summary at the end.
.TP
.B \-5
Print an MD5 checksum of the rendered image data for each page.
.TP
.B \-j
Print JSON with pdf's text and active zones
.TP
.B \-A
Disable the use of accelerated functions.
.TP
.B \-G gamma
Gamma correct the output image.
Some typical values are 0.7 or 1.4 to thin or darken text rendering.
.TP
.B \-I
Invert the output image colors.
.TP
.B pages
Comma separated list of ranges to render.
.SH AUTHOR
padcmsdraw was written by Mikhail Kotov <mkhlktv@gmail.com>.
